okay there boys we've got a bit of a
sloppy Saturday's Marathon
today a rather long game between taronis
here playing as the Lord commer and
who's this this is
Gan playing as the
Apothecary so probably a lowlevel game
but we'll see we'll see I don't know who
goldan is I believe I've Casto his
before but I don't even remember what
the the series
was so far it all makes
sense Ash is a Typhon I would say this
favors the IG in terms of the map not a
lot of cover here for the Space Marines
to utilize they really want that heavy
cover particularly uncrushable heavy
cover as a means to counter The Sentinel
with their tactical Space Marines this
is a good opening here though forar
sonus because the Space Marines the
attacks are over on this side so that
means the AO is rather vulnerable right
now can't really do anything and in fact
this is brilliant play he managing to
cap the P while shooting the
AO yeah the AO is just going to move
away slightly to stop himself getting
shot while he finishes the cap
but honestly not really a whole lot he
can do against the Sentinel it's too
fast it can count him forever you need
the attack there so the fact that the
the airpo got caught out like that not
great Scouts are just capping in the
backline makes sense Scouts by default
can't really do anything if they do get
green
cover then they can trade pretty well
against Gman bleed a few of the Gman and
Retreat without any mother losses if the
gsman approach them from out of cover
then the Scouts can even win this is of
course assuming that the Guardsmen do
not have their Sergeant now we only see
one Guardsman from taronis but that's
okay as long as he drops a lot of gens
and he has he's dropped double gens so
he could go for another a nice cishan
Squad here but he could actually go for
double cishan squads ooh a heavy weapons
Team all right that's fine here's the
Comm so he can get the Power sword to
counter initiate any ASM that come out
to deal with the heavy weapons team but
he will have to be wary of Scouts
getting their sergeant and dropping a
Grenade on top of that heav weapon team
potentially from
infiltration so you can see the scouts
here trying to do their best with a bit
of yellow cover but the gsman building a
green cover block is going to help them
quite a
bitu oh we're certainly with the comar
coming over these Scouts need to go yeah
too late
B pistol killed one of them Sentinel
getting pushed off by one of the
Tactical Marines down here we see a
second attack coming out here not an
uncommon build especially with the
Apothecary just gives you that
resilience against the scent but the
fact that he's facing only one gasman
and one Sentinel sir we're Los a victory
point out there could be that these
double tacks are a little bit over the
top that said ts are probably your best
option against Kish as
well one Devastator wouldn't really
achieve much thanks to Old Reliable but
certainly two Devastators would shut the
cish down but it's a lot of
commitment and honestly I feel these
days I just I don't really like setup
teams that much against IG it's
weird just doesn't feel great not when
they're relying on more tier 1.5 as
opposed to heavy investment in gsman
plus Sentinel and still we see the Gman
running around about their Sergeant so
that they can pay less
upkeep Taron is clearly focusing his
build here on tier 1.5 instead but these
guys we going to have to get out meeting
a Bolter APO theary and double attacks
you can see a lot of range damage coming
out there no idea why Gan activated the
Kraken rounds there not at all useful
against light infantry only boost the
damage against heavy infantry which in
this case is purely the scent and a Big
M micro here from
tonis he's too busy looking over here
going to have his heavy weapons team f
off and this is not really an important
fight just chasing off Scouts Cal should
probably go deal with
that okay they retreated anyway I don't
think he's seen that
though really the problem is
this there's a storm Bolter Apothecary
here so you can just full auto the the
commissar stun him and then Focus fire
okay not going to do that then very slow
reaction from goldan not sure what he's
watching and now the calans are in melee
brilliant yeah and the heavy weapon
seems staying up in the back way too
late there with a stun from the the ball
to way tooo late and there was even an
explosive shot as well Potential from
the shotguns of cishan devils so yeah
not good if he stunned him and focus F
him probably could have forced off that
comile without taking much damage and
then you just soft Retreat over here
you're out of the fireing AR the heavy
weapons team and then Kish is C fire on
the move and they're quite short range
so you just split up your attacks and
you rapo and you shoot these guys down
and then when you lose enough HP from
the shotguns you just heal it off with
your APO it's not a terrible position
I would consider getting a flamer
eventually obviously right now goldan
has been saving up the resources to get
the ASM and that's fine he probably
wants to scout Sergeant as well that
would handily allow the scouts to defeat
the gsman
here processing the
request Imperial Guard structure
reporting damage oh miss micro here from
The Sentinel just going around capping
the points
but drops it was focusing over here but
building his Deployable cover which does
work gets him the victory he's picked up
a sergeant here so that these guardman
anytime they encoun Scouts afterwards
they should be pretty
good decent IED obviously they're Space
Marines so they don't just die
instantly oh nice explosive shot there a
bit of a a late reaction on the jump
onto the heavy weapons team but yeah
that's going to Route them kishan's
taking too much damage they are
generally counting most effectively back
your lion infantry like your Tactical
Marines your big Shooters your turant
that kind of
thing and it's an opportunity here to
bash yeah flamer like I say really good
at bashing of course but also very good
against kisan Devils because of how
tightly packed they
are so I feel like compositionally right
now taronis is not in a very good spot
losing the
senal behind on VPS to at this point not
majorly but also being gen so he's got
fewer squads these squads are more
powerful you know all of these cost a
bit more than all of
these and he's been gen bashed so he's
definitely on the back foot right now no
upgrades on the commissar and there's an
upgrade on the Apothecary so yeah just
all around really goldan is in a very
good position and I think tactical
Marines an ASM scale very well Scouts
not not so much but you know you just
use them for capping don't you which is
exactly what goldan is doing right now
he didn't opt for the infiltration
grenade players against the heavy
weapons team which certainly can be
viable sir's here probably going to kill
that
Scout yeah coming up fair bit of
requisition bleed here from gold down on
his Scouts what's he lost about three or
four Scouts that's over 100
requisition so he could be a bit better
off seems to have a decent amount though
and not a lot of power I wonder if he's
queued up some upgrades
yeah he's got the sergeant coming in
don't know if he's got a vehicle coming
in we'll see once he finishes his tier 2
Tech tonis did get to tier 2 first but
obviously being bashed means now he's
going to get that that oring Squad out
as his tier 2 choice but then he's going
to find himself quite lacking in power
after that point Kish probably want to
be going into melee there with the ASM
going to do a lot more damage with their
melee than they will with their
shotguns and yeah the correct decision
there by the TA and the airp focus down
the cishan Devils they're very expensive
to reinforce wow very close to killing
the heavy weapons team there how much HP
is that
damn less than 10 HP still no upgrades
on the commas okay Kar needs to get out
of there full smm Army here yeah even
the orens are considering turning around
wait for the
lads they should be pretty good here
because of the fact that they're super
heavy
infantry so all these bolters won't
really do anything to them and there's
only one Power sword on the side of the
ASM here the chain swords won't really
do too much to them but they're
obviously just massively outnumbered
aren't
they now there might be a response in
terms of plasma guns here I'm quite
surprised actually to see sergeants
coming out first before plasma guns I
think plasma guns will be a lot more
important bolters here really need to be
focusing on the cish as you can see
ogens are just too thick and durable
that super heavy infantry armor BS just
don't do anything to them yeah Mass
Route ASM jump prematurely don't hit the
heavy weapons team could have been a
wipe on the heavy weapons team as well
if it didn't Retreat prior to the ASM
Landing due to I'm only having one model
losing two tacks as
well not good so maybe goldan not very
good at dealing with ogens he's gone for
a Devastator obviously suppressing the
ogens is not a bad idea will do a lot of
damage in spite of their super heav
infantry armor if you're at close range
just because setup teams do crazy damage
at close range is this going to be WI oh
beautifully done with the IED there on
Retreat nice nicely
done nicely done leave it behind wipes
that Scout
Squad H if he had the sergeant on the
scouts that probably wouldn't have
happened so now he's down a capping unit
and that's going to hurt and already wow
it seemed so advantageous for the Space
Marines but just like
that I don't think gold Down's going to
counter this properly okay he's going
for a plasma gun you only need one I
don't think going two is a good idea cuz
if a chimera comes out afterwards you
might be in a bit of
trouble one should be sufficient to an
ed this will do very notable damage
against the orens spp away very
unassuming Little Weapon that blue
plasma gun but very scary for heavy and
super heavy infantry it missed there
there you go it hit that time and you
can see chunks of damage coming off oh
he's gone for double plasma guns as well
yeah that's pretty yikes or of
discipline is going to be very necessary
here an accessory here on the Lord
commale which will do percentage based
heals to nearby units the fewer models
near the greater the percentage based
heal so he just goes around with the
orens as bodyguards and not a whole lot
nearby the heals will be pretty nice so
he moves back here baits the double
tacks into suppression so that he can
advance whilst they suppressed to not
take too much damage Oren should be
tying up one of the attacks Kar tying up
the other
don't want either of these attacking ah
but look here we go Gan has his
Devastators in the back lines ready to
defend but look at that Gman said oh
we've got plasma guns as
well they nowhere near as strong on a
gun per gun basis as the Tactical Space
Marine
guns
wait why does it say equips the squad
with two it's
free Hello tool tip error somebody um
write that in the comments so I can put
that in the dev
Discord after I finish recording or
whenever cuz I can't do it now yeah
little bit of a tool tip eror there it's
free plasma guns but the DPS is correct
it's just over four DPS I think it's
4.12 yeah that would make sense if I do
the maths 4.12 DPS per plasma gun on the
gasman which is 12.36 in total does this
tell me oh my God yeah this is 26 DPS
the plasma gun on the taxs that is
terrifying Okay so we've got a scrap on
our hands but we've got Angel of Death
activated by the Apothecary here giv
that 50% damage resistance and knock
back immunity which is really useful
when the organs using Y your Ed which
makes them do the Underman knockback
twice or of discipline preventing the
orans from losing a model though it's
very useful and the ASM what energy have
they got they do just have enough energy
can they get intire the heav weap team
they can right probably want to get out
of there very lucky to get a special
right
there oh God look at all the damage
coming from the attacks as soon as the
suppression worn off jeez that was a lot
obviously ton is not expecting that
massive Spike of damage right there
drops some mines in response to try Del
lay the inevitable gen bash now that
he's off the
field going for manticor I don't like
that play I guess it's a way to counter
the devs be very ineffective against the
attacks because they're mobile line
infantry they can just walk out the way
generally you're going to have to set
that up with suppression or something
and he just lost his heavy weapons team
but devs can't Dodge it but to get a
manard just to counter one Devastator
seems ridiculous that's so so so
expensive and we meanwhile gan's just
going to go tier three
right he's kiing out his Kar making him
a bit tankier with the carp armor is
only a tier one War gear but it's it's
fine it's a nice tanky tanky armor for
him and then the Power sword likewise
only a tier one War gear but it's
cheaper T is obviously want to get this
Manor out quite
urgently mine's proving quite useful
here I think these attacks are going to
have to retreat they're going to start
losing models soon oh they're delaying
it to try and bait into the Devastators
and it works they only lost one model
probably worth it to force them off they
got to go what are they
doing oh they're waiting for the mantico
oh my God those plasma guns
though so
painful he missed the final missile
there wasn't even a retreat from
goldan oh there's another dude anyway so
they'd have been all
right not worth it man contact not worth
it I'll get to the
Kish do have their Sergeant down here oh
there's no Sergeant on the ASM so they
might be in trouble they need their
sergeant if they use mercil strike with
a sergeant they will easily handle the
kadan 1 V one but we've also got L to
the end activated here in the kadan so
they get more damage and more HP every
time a single model is killed and that
allows them to guarantee the 1 V one
with the ASM which is a massive Mistake
by goldan obviously a micro era didn't
realize his ASM would lose that 1 V one
against the cadish but the cadish had
their leader and the as
did
not too busy focusing on his taxs over
here not too many losses here for goldan
and he has a predator on the way T is
still stuck TI two thanks to that Mano
purchase I hope it works out for him in
controlling this
Devastator he's been using it very
defensively right now but that might
actually be better for him because if a
predator comes out it could just hunt
down that mantor very
quickly that was a nice little pick up
for him got a couple of Devastators with
the kishan then get out of
there not bad probably move in for a
heal here on the
tax just got the improved medical
equipment here as an accessory on the
airo simple passive energy economy
Buffs more heals but he's not healing
these there we go felt quite late and
going for some late game Scouts makes
sense he needs a repair unit doesn't
need for this Predator if it incurs
damage hostile Predator position just
needs to evade the ogens of course it
should be faster than it you've seen the
cannon damage just get totally negated
there by the heal from the a of
discipline so the Orin will be quite
good alongside the comei just to face
tank this damage for the for the time
being tonis is going to threee himself
obviously he wants to get a Leman Russ
out which will be superior to the
Predator mantico used there simply to
knock over the AO and prevent the cap I
mean it's it's all right right and
there's no infantry nearby he's going to
rotate them down now Scouts need to get
out of there fast very lucky all plasma
gun shots missed them
there okay they do get out and kishan's
going to resume the cap but ta and the
Predators have pushed up top with the
devs honestly might be an idea to get a
librarian librarian would be able to
counter the Mantic car
perfectly even if you don't Veil a time
and then manually move the Devastators
when the manot hits you can just use
gate of infinity to teleport the devs
that way it's faster you don't have to
click as many buttons and you still
Dodge them anticore um this is a massive
excess of power here from
tonus yeah he didn't need all this power
I don't
think now he's floating a bit of
requisition but you're liable to bleed
it there's a lot of VPS still in the
game here 250 250
so I think just hanging on to the wck
for the late game probably more valuable
but we'll see we'll
see obviously like I say he really wants
those Vehicles out as soon as possible
right now to counter this Predator this
is really weird going for a tier three
dreadnut goldon really quite scared of
these orens
clearly he doesn't like them one bit got
the devs to counter them duel plasma
guns and now a
dreadn but the problem is there's going
to be Elman Russ coming and uh yeah the
dread not's not really going to do much
to counter that oh big micro error there
tonis firing down the Mantic car and I
mean this
is why is the man car so slow oh it went
over a mine oh my God it went over a
mine did I call it a manticor the
Predator is this Predator going to drive
over this mine oh the mine didn't AR in
time very very
lucky very lucky
terrible terrible micro there from Gan
in terms of dealing with a Mante car he
literally drove forward and then reverse
back through the Mantic car shells and
took tremendous damage the mine snaring
the tank was what enabled the orens to
actually get into range and and smack it
a bit and literally one more smack from
an OG would have blown that tank up so
very very lucky from
goldan and now he's got a Leman rust to
contend with as well so yeah this could
be tricky this dreadn purchas is not
ideal it really isn't it's not going to
do a whole
lot the Predator shouldn't be getting
caught in normal circumstances bio
anyway because of its speed so the
dreadnut in that sense isn't really
necessary and then the dreadnut of
course really cannot deal with the Leman
Rush due to its speed and that is going
to be the primary threat right
now so a bit of a close range Manor shot
there not doing too much you just
Retreat out of it oh why is the dread
not here
um the Mano is driving way too far
forward as well might even get taken out
by the last Cannon it's now showing rear
armor this is a bit of a [__] up one
more last Cannon shot oh I don't think
he's got line of sight and it gets out
on 10 HP just like the Predator then I
guess the look is normalized between
both the players here but this is the
problem the dreadn it's too slow it
can't kite the the tank it's got a multi
melter but it's never getting into range
it's trying to F he's
dead was not a good idea at
all oh
man and he's paying for this upgrade as
well what is he
doing paying for that upgrade when he's
going to lose
it gold I'm very
confused he need to be careful with this
pror it does not want to One V one a
vanquisher Leman
Russ predators are faster they're more
fast attack than Mainline battle tank
really they do not have a lot of
durability even with their armor upgrade
you can see it's a lot less than the
Leman
Russ we did get a Bens upgrade which is
probably quite good in this instance
there's not really any melee to tango
with so they're getting that passive
damage resistance to ranged attacks that
you get on the benss thanks to those
slap Shields is pretty handy
you can see they just absorb those
Predator shots easily and the main
counter to these guys of course was the
plasma guns which now we'll be doing
reduced damage against them so good
choice I
think second Devastator Squad coming out
he did swap that initial one obviously
to the last Cannon we've seen it nearly
take out the Manar that Manar is quite
far back right now having nearly lost
it not sure I think that predator qu
over a mine again really could do with
getting the twin link glass Canon on the
Predator but here is okay Vengeance
round Devastators
huh okay buens are too low on HP and
we've gotten they sh none fear activated
on the Tactical Marines as well yeah
that was not good angels of death but
there's no Focus fire really on the
Infantry angels of death doesn't give Dr
to the vehicles
so not sure what the the plan is here
really come on last Cannon
no don't drive your Predator forward
it's going to die to this
lemman bait into the last
Cannon bang we are under attack this
should be good he should be able to kill
this thing here just get the Predator
out oh yeah that's a good play for gold
down perfect yep moves his heavy ball to
devastate us up suppresses the cians now
can force Mell and retreat with the
Tactical
Marines and is systematic I wonder what
taron's plan is going to be here manar's
coming in that felt late why was that
not using the last engagement I think
tonus forgot about it oh there's a bit
of a swing in a Miss as
well [__] what the those pul greens are
doing running forward one model whoops
Glory probably would be worth getting
the tier one armor here just to get
reduced cool down on your heal and your
AO why not at this point right you got
absolutely loads of energy might as well
just have more heals good for the
attacks I mean at this point the ig's
got no hope in a ranged firefight level
four AO level three tax all three ta nah
only one Guardsman no chance to take on
two attacks you're going to need three
Guardsman Devastator the enemy
contact cish is caught out by the pr
shouldn't go well for them but the pr is
not shooting with both of its heavy
bolters and it's also showing its rare
armor to the sge with a melter
gun wonder what gan's going for land
Redeemer Terminators don't know doesn't
really matter either would be
great he needs to stop driving his
Predator so far forward what on Earth is
he doing
wow why the hell did he drive it forward
with this
HP wow and he gets killed by the
mantar what on Earth was it doing in
that position with 30
HP it's I thought I wondered was he
sacrificing pop for it I don't think so
he's only gotten to 80 now with the
Lander
Redeemer maybe he wanted uh Terminators
as well
I don't know he can't afford that no
that was just weird there's no reason to
do
that I don't think Predator can't be on
the 20 pop can it surely for God's sake
no the land R redeemer is only 20 pop
what's a predator 15 or 18 something
like
that so C are uncontested up top to be
fair the ball greens should just be
advancing on these guys right
now I am here yeah with the Lord coming
support they should take
this you need some control for
them I am under attack
Glory
haveed okay there's the
control land R Redeemer versus aeman
Russ might have been worth waiting for
the super heavy tank for tasis but it's
so risky he's so low on VPS right now
compared to his four only 65 which is
probably why he's putting a lot of
pressure down here where you can hold
these two natural
VPS I'm not sure how he's going to be
able to deal with a land Raider Redeemer
to be fair this is an instance where the
manor will be quite useful when he sees
this thing he should get the upgrade on
the manor to do more damage the damage
on the Manar is generally perfectly
sufficient for dealing with setup teams
and most infantry as well but when you
want to actually kill vehicles with it
especially super heavy Vehicles like
this land Raider Redeemer that's when
that damage upgrade on the Mano really
does become a lot more
valuable so let's see this is what he
wants to do poke away at the buens with
the Tactical Marines in front and then
bait them into he Devastators but what's
he doing he's he messing around for a
long time before setting up
here I am H down by fire andano is going
to hit that
Devastator ow you could almost call it
devastating not really really they
didn't even die okay but there's no
micro no response what is he
doing what on Earth is he
doing finally the land rid Redeemer gets
here but he does lose his bloody
Devastators
beforehand oh well he killed the
commissar so it's not that bad honestly
that might even be worth it right now
given how good gan's Eco
is see he's not really bleeding anything
is
he another vanquisher Leman rust comes
out and it just so happens they've
routed the last Cannon but it's actually
falling back to the land Raider Redeemer
so it can just reinforce which is not
ideal tank misfired
there also got hit by the multim melter
needs to micro this thing properly
misfired again Le the frontal last
Cannon did something there to the landro
Redeemer but
it's going to take some time mantar shot
going in double taxs are out there as
well oh yeah just Kish and barrage the
tax out of your mantar shot that was
clever sorry to that was that was not
very clever lot of free damage coming
into the land raid Redeemer from the
Leman nothing is contesting it whereever
the last Cannon gone it's gone down B
last Cannon should have been staying
with the land Raider Redeemer I don't
know why it isn't pretty stupid
really obviously the land Raider
Redeemer mostly
CQC first quarters combat it's got that
multi melter but it's very well it's not
very short range but it's short
range less than standard gun range
whereas obviously vanquisher way above
standard gun
range get inside the Lander Redeemer
then frag us all but you're going to die
to the Lum rust either way
yeah this was a terribly used landroid
Redeemer I don't think I've seen such a
poly used landroid Redeemer
in
yes not
good last Cannon should be with it the
whole time to protect it from the Leman
and then the Lander Redeemer can disrupt
the buens with the frag usol and the
flamethrowers drops in me going for an
assault
Cannon but it's all piercing damage will
not do much to the ballr and will do
literally nothing to the Leman roughs so
I
don't I don't really
understand I think you kind of have to
go for cycle missile launcher at this
point to deal with the Luman Russ I mean
look tmes are very tanky so as you can
see they just
s eat tank shots to the face and don't
really care but they will care
eventually and you got to remember they
can't Retreat we are under attack oh
don't eat the mantar shot as well that's
going to be a lot of damage did we get
the mantar upgrade no we didn't even get
the damage upgrade imagine how much
that' be with the damage upgrade I swear
it's like at least 25% more damage might
even be
more
ridiculous these guys are now at the
stage where if they start fighting
plasma gun Guardsman or bulens they're
liable to lose models okay they're going
to get a heal obviously they do heal up
outside of combat very fast they are
terminators that is their
thing but it's just I don't know it
feels bad man to incur all that damage
for
what must have been a a hotkey eror
there to pick up flamethrowers I don't
think he wanted flamethrowers at this
point in the
game 370 power for Gan so no gem
bashing that would not be
helpful rear armor hit on the Leman
rust that was a max range one that
triggered just before the wind up and a
rocket
run it is a Rocket run but these Space
Marines are a little bit too tanky at
this point that was a poor Rocket run
only the end of the Second Barrage hit
there so what you meant to do is you aim
it like this bang bang bang and then you
go back maybe a fifth of the distance
and then you aim it in the same
direction because it's a stray if it
goes damage damage damage damage damage
damage damage damage damage damage
damage like that so if you go this way
you hit them five times and then you go
this way again he missed like four hits
here the second one only did like 20%
damage so you go bang bang bang bang
bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang
bang like
that Manticore not being able to knock
these guys over is actually causing even
more damage than normal but then he he
predicted that it would do knock back
and it didn't that's Angels a death once
again
C he knock back
immunity he really does respect the
ballg greens doesn't he I think he could
have stayed in melee quite a bit longer
there with the AO honestly getting the
armor of the aparium would have been a
really good choice at this point the
game has been going on so long and the
attacks have been sort of blobbing
around the airo so much that it would
have been quite useful this is actually
a very bad spot for the
Terminators yeah no M resist on these
guys so they really don't want to tangle
with the B Grins and they've got a lemon
rush shooting them whilst that's
happening so not really great for
them ASM are down bot so we've seen some
late game ASM he has the sge he needs to
use
merciless where is the merciless strike
okay can't now we lost the sergeant
brilliant but I mean it's level four
cish versus level one ASM so that's
pretty stupid really why would you buy
the ASM and not get the Vanguard I don't
know
gan's actually going to lose this isn't
he this is
unbelievable he handled the first leing
Rush with buens fine and then somehow
he's lost Terminators land Rider
Redeemer to the same combo of vgr and
Leman Russ and that dreadnut was a
really bad
play the Walgreens have done well but I
think a massive overreaction to them
certainly we're getting that dreadn and
no excuse used to have the dreadnut all
the way over here on its own never mind
the land Raider Redeemer being that far
forward when it's a unit that you can
Retreat to keep it in your half of the
map man and slowly push forward and get
control of the map just ridiculous
really to move the land Rider team up
that far especially when you know that
the enemy has tanks and your land Rader
redeemer is never going to be able to
catch a tank nor get in range and you
moved your last Cannon away as well for
I'm not sure what reason I mean to cap a
natural VP sure but
it's going to lose against anything that
it encounters while it does that and
your your freaking land Raider Redeemer
was getting shot by Leman Russ whilst
that was happening we are ready to
proceed sir quitting this task on so I
mean I'm I don't really think godon can
win this at this point I mean he can't
even kill these freaking
buens doing a good job keeping the
attack alive will he see this though
while he's watching down here
nope dead Sergeant you do have to do a
bit of predicting cuz you don't know
exactly what which way they're all going
to fly but that's quite expensive kills
a sergeant and tactical
Marine justes Force off the buens maybe
they got suppressed in the end
eventually if the assault Cannon does
shoot at you for long enough it will
suppress you but it it does take a while
it's not like a setup
team it's probably at least 5
seconds but Bens are tanky enough that
that can happen and it's going to be a
second lemon Russ why the hell not
man goldan just cannot deal with one Lon
Ross so why not get two
he'd have been better off getting
Predators I don't think the land Raider
Redeemer was a poor choice though I
think it's perfectly fine but he just
used it
terribly really bad usage the land R
Redeemer engag cing pop goes a tactical
Marine thanks to that
vanquisher cman last guns at this point
doing absolutely nothing level four
attack right yeah sir there's danger
here and Terminators for God knows what
reason they're trying to cap an
uncontested power in the mid when Gan
has 450 power so a bit
of sort
of meta game strategy going on here you
need to you need to be thinking about
that go down come on why are you capping
a an uncontested power when you you're
floating this much power you don't need
that the only advantage that gives is a
bit of line of sight in the mid who
cares you know what I
mean what's this Stern
guard
huh I'm not sure I understand the point
of
that drop pod to get Stern guard and
reinforce a couple attacks on the
field enti thing
I mean the lemon doesn't give a [__]
it's just tanking it he doesn't need to
tank this it could just drive
away oh dear oh
dear manticor disrupts the cap he is
going to have time to Decap though but
now there is an execution Lan Russ oh
the
joy is to one
cap but buens are going down B and
there's nothing to stop them so that is
GG Gan you have
lost you have
lost cuz he can take this contested but
the vens are just going to cap down
bot ah did
DS tou the Marine's incredibly tanky at
this point though thanks to all those AO
heals look at that executioner though o
great Splash
damage T is still just running into base
buens what's going
on what they
left what why did they
leave is he not looking at the
VPS what on Earth are you doing
tonis holy [__] what is he
doing he lost his Mante car to power
fist he stopped moving his execution of
Leman Ross it's dying to power fist as
well what
hello are you out of your mind just cap
the
VP all he has to do is Cap the VP the
scouts are ignoring the
benss oh for [__] sake they even
stopped them for oh should we chase them
boss No Cap the
VP oh my
God tank kill the
scouts holy [__] are they going to get
the Decap they got
it what is going
[Applause]
on you've done it sir why are they not
capping is he out of his mind right now
what are you doing cap the [__] point
he's got five VPS
if he gets a 2 to
one and the enemy isn't decapping one of
the points that is giving tasness the 2
to one at the point of which he gets the
two to one then it is an instant win cuz
you need seven VPS in the bank when you
start decapping the pine if it is a two
to one cap against you or you run out of
VPS cuz you can't cap past
enough holy [__]
man my God this was was almost the
biggest thow in the [__]
world and I don't know what gan's doing
right now either his Terminators need to
be on the p and when the buens kill them
you just take over the C with your
Tactical Marines to finish
it
Jesus oh this is so
dumb this was so
dumb oh
boys boys that was a really sloppy
ending what the heck look it was a long
game it was long game 40 minutes game
you don't get them very often obviously
at this point both the players had lost
their minds they they they didn't know
where they were clearly paying zero
attention to the
VPS holy crap tonus nearly for
that I mean just games have froze all
over the place as soon as that land
rated Redeemer come out that should have
been gold On's Game T should have had no
chance but the usage of it was abysmal
but then nearly frown the
for I don't I can't I can't comment
further I cannot comment further but
that is sloppy Saturdays folks I hope
you enjoyed that I hope you get some
kind of entertainment out of that ended
up being somewhat torturous for me in
the
end I think these kind of replays make
me not want to play dawn of War II for
several months in a row each time I
watch
them so I hope you enjoyed it that is
going to be all from you Bo top it I am
signing out
[Music]
he